# Meeting Notes

## WEEK1
###### FRIDAY LECTURE
- Introduced to course.

Attendees = Emma, Mark, Josh, Matt

###### WEDNESDAY MEETUP
- Did not meet up.

Attendees = Emma, Mark, Josh, Matt


## WEEK2
###### FRIDAY LECTURE
- All members were placed in the team.
- Created GitHub repo.
- Connected with other team members on Discard.
- Decided that Emma would be the team captain.

Attendees = Emma, Mark, Josh, Matt

###### WEDNESDAY MEETUP
- Got to know the other members a little better.
- JOSH looked at the CMap and Risk Assessment.
- EMMA looked at the CMap and Work Breakdown Structure.
- MATT looked at the CMap and Work Breakdown Structure.
- MARK looked at the CMap and Use Cases.

Attendees = Emma, Mark, Josh, Matt


## WEEK3
###### FRIDAY LECTURE
- Talked with the customer and showed them the CMap and initial system requirements.
- We also meet with Femi and received feedback on our work done so far, most of the feedback was "this needs tweaking".
- We update Trello with the things that needed to be completed for Wednesday by team members.
- Update Trello with list of things to be completed on Wednesday by the team.
- Juan joined the team and we got him connected to all the systems we use e.g. GitHub and Discord.

Attendees = Emma, Mark, Josh, Matt, Juan

###### WEDNESDAY MEETUP
- Mark to take down notes for meeting.
- Emma away from meeting but involved via Discord and Trello.
- Work completed by Matt, Josh and Juan regarding risk assessment table.
- Mark completed role justification.
- Matt added methodology vote to Trello to decide which one to follow.
- Emma started work on pert chart.
- Each team member uploading their role justification.
- Each team member given a methodology to research and feedback on.
- Josh creating CMap for group with matt and Juan.
- Mark and Matt started ontology (need to speak to Femi for clarification).

Attendees = Emma, Mark, Josh, Matt, Juan

## WEEK4
###### FRIDAY LECTURE
- Matt fixed the issue with the rouge commit to master.
- Mark, Emma, Josh, and Matt worked on the system requirements.
- Josh started work on a class diagram ready for the next stage.
- Emma updated the Trello with tasks to be completed this week.

Attendees = Emma, Mark, Josh, Matt

###### WEDNESDAY MEETUP
- Mark taking meeting notes.
- Emma and Mark completing domain model.
- Josh and Matt completing use case diagrams.
- Juan updating his methodology information.
- Mark Updating group CMap.
- Assigned work to be completed by Friday.

Attendees = Emma, Mark, Josh, Matt, Juan


## WEEK5
###### FRIDAY LECTURE
- Matt, Josh, and Emma talked to Femi about the use cases and changed them to meet the requirements.
- Josh and Matt updated use case diagrams for everyone to work with.

Attendees = Emma, Josh, Matt

###### WEDNESDAY MEETUP
- Josh and Matt started work on the class diagram.
- Emma, Mark, and Matt started working on the Decomposition diagram.

Attendees = Emma, Josh, Matt, Mark


## WEEK6
###### FRIDAY LECTURE
- All people took part in the task set out by Femi one group asking questions and the other looking at diagrams.
- We then all feed back to the groups after meeting about what they could be doing better.
- Things we are going to change that we have learnt:
  - Do tree shaped diagrams in Microsoft Word as it is going to be a lot faster.
  - Make use cases and robustness more about the system rather than about the stakeholders.

Attendees = Emma, Josh, Mark, Juan, Matt

###### WEDNESDAY MEETUP
- Matt, Emma, Matt, Mark all worked on the re-designed use case texts.

Attendees = Emma, Josh, Mark, Matt

## WEEK7
###### FRIDAY LECTURE
- Josh worked on the class diagram.
- Looked a milestones with Femi.

Attendees = Emma, Josh, Mark, Juan, Matt

###### WEDNESDAY MEETUP
- Matt and Emma worked on the Decomposition diagram.
- Mark worked on the screen shots and JSP list.
- Josh worked on the class diagram.
- Juan uploaded work he did last week.

Attendees = Emma, Mark, Josh, Matt, Juan

## WEEK8
###### FRIDAY LECTURE
- attended the lecture.

Attendees = Emma, Mark, Josh, Matt

###### WEDNESDAY MEETUP
- All members got caught up with tasks from last week.

Attendees = Emma, Mark, Josh, Matt, Juan



## WEEK9
###### FRIDAY LECTURE
- attended the lecture.

Attendees = Emma, Mark, Josh, Matt, Juan

###### WEDNESDAY MEETUP
- continued with personal tasks from last week.

Attendees = Emma, Mark, Josh, Matt, Juan



## WEEK10
###### FRIDAY LECTURE
- attended the lecture.
- Mark assigned to start on the UX.
- Emma assigned to start on the ERD and table creation.
- Others requested to hold until database is complete.

Attendees = Emma, Mark, Josh, Matt, Juan

###### MONDAY MEETUP
- Matt assigned to update the ERD.
- Mark assigned to continuing work on the UX.
- Josh assigned to starting the service facade.

Attendees = Emma, Mark, Josh, Matt

###### WEDNESDAY MEETUP
- Matt assigned to update the ERD, create dummy database data, implement database, and implement DTO's.
- Mark assigned to continuing work on the UX.
- Josh assigned to starting the service facade.
- All team members were also assigned to create at least 2 DAO's each.

Attendees = Emma, Mark, Josh, Matt, Juan

## WEEK11
###### FRIDAY LECTURE
- attended the lecture.

Attendees = Emma, Mark, Josh, Matt, Juan

###### MONDAY MEETUP
- All members to continue with previous tasks.

Attendees = Emma, Mark, Josh, Matt, Juan

## WEEK12
###### TUESDAY MEETUP
- Matt and Josh demoed the pull request and code review though GitHub.
- Matt assigned tasks to the team until the end of the project.
- Checked if anyone had an issues, none were mention so closed the meeting.

Attendees = Emma, Mark, Josh, Matt


## MEETING 20-04-2020
- People to continue work on their DAOs and DTOs and code reviews.
- Checked if anyone had an issues, none were mention so closed the meeting.

Attendees = Emma, Mark, Josh, Matt, Juan


## MEETING 27-04-2020
- The group decided to move the dealine for work completion back because some people had still not meet the deadline.
- Checked if anyone had an issues, none were mention so closed the meeting.

Attendees = Emma, Mark, Josh, Matt, Juan


## MEETING 29-04-2020
- Nothing much was discussed. Just that everyone was OK and the deadline was Monday.
- Checked if anyone had an issues, none were mention so closed the meeting.

Attendees = Emma, Mark, Josh, Matt, Juan


## MEETING 01-04-2020
- Mark showed almost completed application to group.
- Confirmed deadline of 04-05-2020 for user guide and dev guide.
- Checked if anyone had an issues, none were mention so closed the meeting.

Attendees = Emma, Mark, Josh, Matt, Juan


## MEETING 04-05-2020
- Confirmed that Josh and Matt would get the final code into master once Mark had completed the application.
- Checked if anyone had an issues, none were mention so closed the meeting.

Attendees = Emma, Mark, Josh, Matt


## MEETING 06-05-2020
- Discussed that Mark is waiting for the URL and that he needs it from Emma before his work is complete.
- Confirmed that the remaining task test the final version uploaded to the server. This to be done by all.
- Other than this all work is complete and the repo is ready to be closed off.
- Mark to notify Matt or Josh once work is complete and then the repo will be closed down.
- Checked if anyone had an issues, none were mention so closed the meeting.

Attendees = Emma, Mark, Josh, Matt, Juan


## MEETING 08-05-2020 (Final Meeting)
- Text channel exported from Discrod by Josh and added to docs branch.
- Online working document stored in Google docs backed up and added to docs branch by Josh.
- WhatsApp not backed up for final project hand in as this does not seem useful.
- Femi added to Tello and GitHub by Matthew.
- People asked not to use personal discord or WhatsApp chats without asking permission of the other person.
- Everyone confirmed that they are happy for group discord chats to be used in the report.
- Eceryone confirmed that they are happy for the project to end.

Attendees = Emma, Mark, Josh, Matt, Juan
